More multimodal datasets docs (#1641)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/datasets-webdataset.md

A large scale WebDataset is made of many files called shards, where each shard is a TAR archive.
Each shard is often ~1GB but the full dataset can be multiple terabytes!

## Multimodal support

WebDataset is designed for multimodal datasets, i.e. for image, audio and/or video datasets.

> Indeed since media files tend to be quite big, the sequential I/O of WebDataset enables large reads and buffering. This results in obtaining the best data loading speed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indeed, since media files tend to be quite big, WebDataset's sequential I/O enables large reads and buffering, resulting in the best data loading speed.
```

Here is a non-exhaustive list of supported data formats:

- image: jpeg, png, tiff
- audio: mp3, m4a, wav, flac
- video: mp4, mov, avi
- other: npy, npz

> The full list evolves over time and depends on the implementation. For examoke you can can find which formats the `webdataset` package supports in the source code [here](https://github.com/webdataset/webdataset/blob/main/webdataset/autodecode.py).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The full list evolves over time and depends on the implementation. For example, you can find which formats the `webdataset` package supports in the source code [here](https://github.com/webdataset/webdataset/blob/main/webdataset/autodecode.py).
```
